I don't know what your purpose is
Like a warning, don't misbehave
The things that big companies make you inescapable
Don't worry, they dare not
When can you change your nonsense?
Badao's bad habits
I'm not talking nonsense.
Hey beckon
Oh hello hello hello long time no see
Get out of the way and let Jiang Shao rest here
Why are there so many places here?
Why did you choose me?
Can anyone sit in this seat?
Only someone with Jiang Shao's status can sit here
Go away
Longevity represents the Jiang family
Come and congratulate our grandmaster
Not someone like you who doesn't even have an invitation
You can roll faster than you can
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude. Do you want to do it?
Who did I think it was?
It turns out that you are the saddest
Why are you learning to wear custom clothes now?
He didn't even have an invitation.
Rub others in
Then why don't you kick him out for me quickly?
Somebody throw this guy out for me
See who dares
The people I brought in said hurry up
This Li Tunzi provoked Jiang Shao
Miss, I can't give you any more face.